Instructions

After you have saved the brata project files to a workspace location you may start eclipse and select that workspace location when prompted to by eclipse which should automatically populate p

 - Save the Brata project folder to a workspace location on your computer.
 
 - Start Eclipse and when prompted to select the same workspace location for eclipse to use.
 
 - If eclipse is already running, add the Brata project by:
 
	 - Selecting File > Import...
	 
	 - Select General > Existing Projects into Workspace and click Next
	 
	 - Click Browse and select the workspace location chosen above containing your Brata 
	 project folder and click Finish.

 - The Brata project should automatically poputate to your Package Explorer Pane in eclipse.  If the
 Package Expolorer Pane is not visible then select Window > Show View > Package Explorer.

 - Right click the Brata project and select Open Project if it is not already open. 
To run the Brata project make sure your Brata project is highlighted/selected and then press the Run button which is just a green circle with a play icon in its center (Mousing over it will display 'Run ...').  Follow the prompts to choose an existing Android virtual device or Android phone connected by USB to run on.


Possible issues:

If your Brata project has errors in it then try cleaning it by selecting Project > Clean...

If errors persist then try navigating to window > preferences.  In Java > Build Path > User Libraries
ensure that a system library exists.  If not click New, give it a name, check the System Library 
checkbox nad click Ok.  Now right click on your project and click Android Tools > Fix Project Properties.  
Then try cleaning and rebuilding, Project > Clean.

Other errors may occur if you do not use the right version of java.  This project assumes java 1.6.  
To change or verify this right click on the project and go to Properties.  Under Java Compiler select 
Java Compiler Compliance level 1.6 and accept when prompted to recompile. 

In general if youare having problems with gen/com.<package name>/R.java not being regenerated 
correctly, even after cleaning your project (R.java is needed for referencing widgets from layouts in 
code) then this probably means that you have a error in an XML Layout file that is preventing your 
project from compiling correctly.  Try commenting our areas of your xml files to locate the source of 
the problem.

When opening up an Activity layout in the <project>/res/layout, if it opens with the normal xml 
editor rather than the Android graphical editor then close the xml file.  Right click it in the Package 
Explorer and select Open with > Android Layout Editor.
	
For errors not mentioned here that you may run into remember that Google is your friend.  Use the 
errors you see as queries to Google.
	
